Write a CONTRIBUTING.md (#10)
Co-App-Team/frontend: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

Thank you for contributing! This guide will help you set up the project environment.

## Setup Instructions

1. **Clone the repository**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Co-App-Team/frontend.git
   ```

2. **Open the project**

    * Open the project in your IDE of choice.

3. **Install node.js**

    * You can install it from [nodejs.org](http://nodejs.org/en/download).
    * Or use `node --version` to verify if it is already installed

4. **Install depedencies**

    * Run `npm install` in the directory containing the repository

5. **You're ready to go!**

    * You can now run the project using `npm run dev`

## Development workflow

### Preliminary

Ensure to follow the structure as described in [ARCHITECTURE.md](../doc/ARCHITECTURE.md).

### Development

> 1. Create a branch by following the convention: `feat/<issue_number>-<indicator_of_the_feature>`.

Reviewer: I actually revised this. I assume we follow camel case naming convention, so I thought to do the same for the branch name
```suggestion
1. Create a branch by following the convention: `feat/<issue_number>-<IndicatorOfTheFeature>`.
```

Author: Sure, we can do that style.
